Yesterday I was here in my hotel room practicing my prostitution lessons when I heard someone walking by my door say, "Loki is mine!"

I'm not really sure if I am even passing my lessons at all because of all the external red tape, and that is why these people showed up I assume. To find out if i really am having prostitution lessons which would be highly illegal. To me it's just informing someone that you have a guest and nothing more. But the important thing is that it drew the attention of the government who showed up to... catch Loki, apparently. 

In case you are unaware, Loki is a member of the Norse pantheon who was known for his mischievous ways. In a more practical sense, he was the creation of someone who tried to fuse a human spirit with an angel spirit to create a superhuman. A specific class of angels called powers (as is mentioned in Ephesians 6:12) were used for the angel part because they had special powers. In Loki's case it was something to do with deception and illusions. 

I have no idea how you fuse spirits together, but it involves binding them permanently to yourself in a way that is not possible to separate as time goes on. The human part of the pair enslaves the power angel which then has to follow the human around without much say im anything and being forced to use whatever ability it has to serve this human. And these are angels who were created with the innate need to serve God. Imagine how depressing it would be to be enslaved and isolated, having someone demand you perform for them, and being.unable to because you are cut off from your Source. I guess they were forced to retrain themselves without God following the rules of the human.

After Jesus died on the cross and rose again, and the Holy Spirit came to Earth, it became possible for that fusion to be separated, as is described in Hebrews 4:12. So at that point, there was no reason to hold on to it unless it was out of spite or bitterness. 

So if Loki is out there, then he has been rejecting God all these years. But a while back I met someone at a camp where some homeless people I know were staying, and I was grateful for the help they gave me in the same situation. There was a man there who was very rough around the edges, but the kind of person who you know has some fascinating stories to tell. Sure enough, after getting to know him pretty well, he felt comfortable enough to launch into a fas
